[Music] Excuse me, ma'am, I'd like to
ask about the New Year's Eve ceremony and the
three-day Tet ceremony.
Dear friends, the New Year's
Eve ceremony and the three-day Tet ceremony are
matters of great concern to all of us. It
's a custom and tradition of the Vietnamese people. As
the head of the
family, especially the women, we pay close
attention to
this. New Year's Eve is when we welcome
a new year, a moment
we call the
beginning
of a new day. So, if the
first thing is good, then everything that
follows will also be good. So, how
should we perform the ceremony to ensure a
good start? As
Buddhist disciples, we believe in the principle of "
good beginnings," which is based on karma. For example, those who
kill often
suffer the consequences of illness. Therefore, if
we want good health, the
offerings should not contain any
animal products. Furthermore, we want to receive blessings, wealth, and good fortune.  If we have
good fortune,
we must know how to give alms and make offerings.
Therefore, our offerings should not involve killing animals.
Furthermore, we should make a
donation of pure money, which is
money we earn ourselves
through our efforts and
our hearts. We hope that
this money will be donated to the temple to support the Three
Jewels, or that we can give alms to the poor, the sick, or even to the needy.
You can also offer this money to your parents, placing it on their altar and using it as a donation.
This
is another blessing you should
have. We should also offer
all the food we use to
celebrate the New Year, as
we usually eat sticky rice cakes and sweets.
We should
also offer sticky rice cakes and sweets
to our
ancestors. And if anyone has...  When
worshipping Buddha and deities, we first offer our heartfelt devotion
to the Buddhas. The Buddhas
don't need food, but with a
respectful heart, we offer food to
sustain ourselves, and
we receive
blessings from this act of reverence. Then we offer food
to the
deities, celestial beings, and ancestors. We use
the same
amount of food and
money we offer to the
Three Jewels, dedicating it to the
celestial beings and our ancestors. At
the beginning of the new year,
we use this money to give New
Year's greetings to our parents, siblings, and friends, or to
do charity work. All the blessings
are born from the very
first moment of the new year. You
should perform this ritual. You can
find the proper prayer text on our "Quoc Vang Club" page,
where we practice the
Six Harmonies.  During
our rest and mealtimes,
we also focus our thoughts on
our ancestors and forefathers, wanting to make offerings to them
during the three days of Tet.
Therefore, during the three days of Tet, you
should offer
vegetarian food, but only once each day.
We make our offerings very simply.
For example, on the 1st,
2nd, and 3rd days, we only offer a bowl of
white rice
and a cup of tea for each meal. As for fruits
on the altar, we usually buy some,
but don't buy only green fruits;
buy ripe ones. For example,
in a plate of five fruits, have
one or two ripe fruits to give off a
fragrant aroma. This is to offer
to the deities and the spirits of
our ancestors, those spirits on
earth, and those
spirits connected to
our family. In this way, they will receive the
blessings we have created, they will partake in the
food, and then they will...  To protect ourselves,
during the three days of Tet (Lunar New Year), if a family
comes to the final ceremony,
called "burning the offerings" (or "
closing the Tet"), then
we will prepare a vegetarian meal. We
offer it and also use the money we donate to the
temple
to dedicate the merit to the deities,
spirits, and
ghosts. The amount of money
you donate depends on
your circumstances, and the offerings also depend on
your circumstances. It all comes from a
sincere heart; it's not about
how much it is. It depends on
your heart and circumstances. The offerings should be in
accordance with your life so that
your heart is directed towards them, not towards
stinginess or miserliness. The
offerings are truly presented first, then consumed;
nothing is wasted. All
offerings are like that; first, they are offered, then we partake in
them.  We respectfully offer our prayers to the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and holy monks,
then turn our
hearts to the celestial beings and deities with a heart full of gratitude and respect
for their protection.
Next, we pay homage to our ancestors, for they gave
us life, nurtured us, and raised us. This is
the heart of filial piety, which is called respect and
filial devotion. These three hearts will generate blessings,
but they all have a
purpose: to be born, to
develop, and to be achieved from the
root of our hearts.
Therefore, during the three days of Tet (Lunar New Year), you should offer prayers in this way. From the
New Year's Eve offering, you
know that you are creating merit, to the offerings during the three days of
Tet, you are also creating merit with a complete and
elevated heart. In Buddhism,
this is called the "uplifting of the mind" and "
uplifting of the precepts," meaning you do not
kill animals to offer sacrifices. And if a family is
more united, after
these days, we can
organize a family trip to release animals, which is also a
very good thing.  Furthermore, during these three days of Tet,
we should recite
Buddhist scriptures to remind the whole family to cultivate a virtuous heart.
For example,
we can recite the Sutra of the Ullambana Festival (a Buddhist festival honoring parents and ancestors)
during the ancestral worship ceremony
to remember the merits
of our parents and
ancestors in raising us. From that heart,
blessings will arise. Or
you can recite auspicious sutras, the Sutra of Great Blessings, the Sutra of Vows, and the Sutra of Karma.
From there, you will
cultivate a virtuous heart,
and everything will start the
new year in this way. You will receive blessings
throughout the year.
Seeing what these blessings are, you
can eliminate the karmic consequences that
you would otherwise have to bear.
By doing good deeds throughout the year,
your blessings will increase, and as
blessings increase, karma will be
eliminated. I wish you all
a new year where this worship
brings peace and happiness to your family.
All
blessings arise from a heart that
knows how to uphold precepts, abandon evil, and do good. Filial piety
is also abandoning evil and doing good, directing one's heart towards the
deities, respecting righteousness is also doing
good, and directing one's heart towards the Buddhas is also doing
good—all are good things.
[music]